what's up guys welcome back to the
second play review of the day if you
guys was my first one it was a legend
Bergkamp review make sure you checked
out if you missed it we're gonna be
looking at the legend Bierhoff now I
want to thank Finch because without him
I wouldn't be able to review this play
right here so check his channel link it
will be in the description also if
you're looking for a cheap and reliable
place to get your coin check out bats
later come dead link will be in the
description
use the code attalia to get five percent
off now we're gonna be looking at legend
Bierhoff I keep trying but I'm about to
say like in four more seconds in front
but these these guys are legends so
there's not gonna be many of them on the
market they're actually pretty rare and
like I said I didn't expect them to be
that rare but there's not that many of
them on the market so it is really hard
to get these plays so I would really
appreciate you guys to let me know who
you want me to review for tomorrow
because it is really really helpful when
you guys drop down some names it makes
my job easier to get the place and
really review them for you guys straight
away but we're gonna be looking at bill
huff surprisingly he felt much faster
than what his pace on his cod stats show
and I was actually pace abusing with him
every now and then I don't understand
that but he did feel extremely fast at
some points during matches so he did not
feel as slow as his Cossacks were
showing
secondly you will see a clip in this
video where a payer stops playing
because he's just pretty much again
dominated by Bierhoff and I take amazing
long shot with him even though the
players not playing but the angle it was
at and the goalkeeper could not save it
because the goalkeeper is controlled by
CPU anyway so it was such an amazing
shot but the player was not playing
during that clip I just want to let you
guys know that he has amazing strength I
didn't feel he was as strong as Burkham
because his aggression is very very low
so you have to keep that in mind don't
expect him to be stronger than Bergkamp
Bergkamp for me was extremely strong
this guy is just the average strong guy
but heading and height he's like an
amazing target man so if you're really
looking for that perfect target man this
is the guy he's always in the penalty
area when you cross it most likely is
gonna be a go his shot power and long
trust like I said from the clip it is
really really good
his finish trust from outside the
penalty area he has full star week 4 as
well so it is really
he's a really good target man from
outside the penalty area you're gonna
struggle though to dribble them because
he's dribbling
he's just stiff to dribble a ball with
his agility isn't that great Evo and he
has freestyle skills so isn't he isn't
as perfect as Bergkamp but then again
the price difference is quite big
between him and Bergkamp as well but
finishing wise you will see a couple of
them in the penalty area some stupid
ones where he just finishes them like
it's nothing so he is a really good
finisher pretty good target man exactly
what you need if you're just looking for
for a player to use and the lone striker
formation this is the player for you
overall my experience with Bierhoff was
a really good one no in the gateway I
know what you guys are thinking no in
the gateway but on the pitch
he's extremely good in my opinion just
the dribbling and the freestyle skills
his agility is really though I think
that's why his dribbling is pretty bad
but then again his dribbling sets on to
great evil so don't expect him you know
don't expect yourself to be dribbling
post defenders with this guy that's what
I'm trying to make clear so hope you
guys enjoyed this review this is a
secondary review make sure you check out
my Legend Bergkamp review of course
tomorrow I'm gonna bring out another two
legend reviews they could be on the Xbox
one they could be on the normal 360 I
don't I'm not sure yet but make sure you
drop me some names guys it makes my job
easier so hope you guys enjoyed this
video and I really hope you have a very
nice day